---
navigation:
  title: Introduction
  icon: carbon:document
---


# Introduction

Hubble Exchange is the first Multi-collateral/Cross-Margin Perpetual Futures protocol on Avalanche. [Visit Website](https://hubble.exchange/)

## What is Hubble Exchange?

To understand what Hubble Exchange is, we need to understand what we offer and solve DeFi(Decentralized Finance).

::list
- A protocol that brings experience similar to CEX into DEX
- A Multi-Collateral Trading System with support of USDC, AVAX, and ETH
- A Cross Margin Trading Experience for capital efficient trading
- Partial Liquidations that gives a chance to take control before getting Margin Account Liquidated(Get rekt slowly but surely)
- A DApp build to adapt design that user has in mind/comfortable trading in
- A Protocol that solves many UX problems
::

On this page, you will find resources, guides, and education that will help you use the Hubble Exchange and navigate the world of decentralized futures. If you have any questions, contact us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/WecK2XVQ8z) or [Telegram](https://t.me/HubbleExchange).


### Technical Docs

If you are a technical person and want to read how protocol works under the hood than this section is for you to dive in


::alert
Discover more in the [Technical Docs](/docs/technical-docs/) section.
::

### Incentives and Bounties

Incentives for trading or making in Hubble Exchange and bounties for contributing to Hubble Exchange

::alert
Discover more in the [Incentives](/docs/incentives/) section.
::

### FAQ

Common asked question about Hubble Exchange DApp or How to use DApp?

::alert
Discover more in the [DApp FAQ](/docs/faq-dapp/) section.
::

Common asked question about Hubble Exchange DAO or How to participate in DAO?

::alert
Discover more in the [Governance FAQ](/community/faq-governance/) section.
::

### Web Toons

Web Toons is comic initiative to teach people in a fun way about Hubble Exchange and Components of the Hubble Exchange Protocol

::alert
Discover more in the [Web Toons](/docs/web-toons/) section.
::


### DAO Contributors Interview

Hubble Exchange interviews DAO contributors about their contribution to the DAO

::alert
Discover more in the [DAO Contributors Interview](/community/dao-contributors-interviews/) section.
::
