---
title: Nikitakle - Hubble’s DJ
---

# Nikitakle - Hubble’s DJ

Nikitakle is a community contributor, the Hubbleverse DJ and creator of Hubble Radio.

**Nikitake you are the creator of the Hubbleradio, and the person that selects the music for it. How did you come to have this idea?**

*In fact, I have been fond of music for a long time. For about 10 years I worked as a photographer in clubs and listened to various types of music. I was at the performances of almost all famous DJs. I have always wanted to learn how to DJ and about 4 years ago I had the opportunity. I started playing in local clubs and bars, my time was spent 50% taking photographs and 50% playing, it gave a freshness to my work. I then started collecting vinyls and making mixtapes. I have some remixes that I wrote myself. I really like the Hubble community and I decided to make a radio and show people my music. I also made a mixtape, have you listened?*

***Yes I have listened to it! Even though I must admit I don’t know a lot about music, I did enjoy listening to it and thought it was really cool!***

::alert{type="info"}
For those who haven't, they can find the “Hubble Music Space Cat Mixtape” here: [https://soundcloud.com/hubblemusic/hubble-music-space-cat-mixtape-1](https://soundcloud.com/hubblemusic/hubble-music-space-cat-mixtape-1)
::


**Now, next question, how does someone like you end up in the web3 space? How was your journey?**

*I got into Web3 not so long ago. It happened with the beginning of the pandemic, my friend introduced me to a couple of projects where he contributed and I found it interesting. I immediately made several acquaintances and got a little more information about how the world of cryptocurrencies and Web3 works. I began to develop and help as a moderator and community manager. I had mastered these skills in “real life”. In fact, before joining web3 I was already managing and leading a community.*

**So it’s not just Hubble then! You have contributed to several DAOs, is that correct?**

*Yes, I accidentally got acquainted with the Gearbox project and also helped as a community manager, at one point the guys (Mikael, ilgiz, ivangbi) decided that it would be a DAO and invited me to help them already as a member of the DAO. I help develop the community, doing some marketing and moderating. It is very interesting. At the same time, I was selected for Delos HQ Multisig in the Saddle project. This is a subDAO that, along with the main project team, is responsible for the development of the community. We come up with a variety of bounty for active participants and help people get acquainted with the project. Onboarding of sorts.*

**So as an active community member and Hubbleverse DAO contributor, can you tell us a bit more about how your experience in Hubble has been so far?**

*Oh sure. In fact, I've been with Hubble since the beginning. I, like many others, helped test Hubble. I went through all the stages of the testnet, this is a new experience for me, since I am not used to trading. It was a learning experience for me! I really like the project team, the Hubble platform looks very fresh, it's bright and creative. I think those who like to look at charts will be most satisfied with the UI / UX, high level!*

*As for me, I have a few Hubble Space Cats and actively participate in governance, I want to spend more time on Web3 and help create something interesting. I will continue to help Hubble and new cool Web3 projects. Always looking for something new, I want to explore new networks!*
