---
title: Makers in Hubble vAMM (Part 1)
---

# Makers in Hubble vAMM (Part 1)

## Background and thoughts about vAMMs

Perpetual protocol pioneered the concept of Virtual AMMs or vAMMs. A vAMM is basically a uniswap like curve where virtualized liquidity can be used to trade perps as opposed to centralized limit order-books (CLOBs), which is currently a de-facto way of trading perps on CEXs and dydx.

We at Hubble are a big fan of the vAMM model for several reasons:

- Allows the perps exchange to be decentralized from the get-go.
- Enabling smart contracts to buy perps and hence opening the door for composability — for e.g. Lemma

Perpetual protocol v1 used UniV2 (xyk) invariant for their vAMM. The most compelling thing about this model is that it doesn’t require liquidity providers (henceforth referred to as Makers) at all. The protocol team can add virtual liquidity with the expectation that if/when the price returns to the original, the IL will be 0. While this model works really well to bootstrap the exchange, it has some limitations:

- Since not all positions have a counterparty, most often there will be a skew b/w the long and short open interest. Consequently, the insurance fund has to step in to pay the funding skew.

::quote
#default
In our case for Perpetual Protocol v1, the equilibrium state of the system turned out to be one where traders could easily earn funding just by holding longs in a bull market. Since launch, our v1 took in over 38m USDC in fees, 100% of which goes to the insurance fund. But the insurance fund balance is just a bit over 9m and that includes the initial seed (100k) and an emergency injection (1m+). The rest of the funds were mostly paid out as funding payments, and a small portion was paid out to cover bad debt during market crashes. ~ lkb from perp team
::

- It becomes really hard to determine the right amount of liquidity (xy=k) because if the liquidity is too deep, it will take an immense trading volume to arb the price with the wider market in either direction. If the liquidity is thin, slippage is high. So, to have a sensible depth, the protocol needs to be adjusting k all the time in a centralized manner.
- It becomes impossible to be able to use new concentrated liquidity AMMs like Uni V3 and Curve V2 because these AMMs are path-dependent i.e. IL is also a function of how a price reached where it is.

## Hubble vAMM

At Hubble, we are using CurveCrypto Invariant for our vAMM. As described in Curve V2 whitepaper, it is way more efficient than xy=k invariant and concentrates liquidity given by the current “internal oracle” price. This creates 5−10x higher liquidity than xy=k. Implies tighter spreads => more trade volume => higher profits to LPs. Owing to its re-pegging mechanism, Hubble vAMM is path-dependent and needs Makers (LPs).

## Makers

Conceptually, adding liquidity to our vAMM is akin to providing liquidity to any other AMMs like Uni/Curve V2. Makers provide virtual liquidity in the Hubble vAMM pool (optionally on leverage) i.e. they can add more virtual liquidity than their margin and earn fees on leveraged liquidity. For every position opened by a trader, there is a counter position opened for all makers and they share it in the ratio of their liquidity.

Let’s compare what providing liquidity to Hubble vs. Uniswap means. Let’s work with these assumptions:

- Approximate Hubble vAMM like xyk for this illustration
- Assume makers are not receiving a trade fee.
- Start price of eth to be $2500
- Maker starts with 50k capital and provides initial liquidity of 10ETH + 25K USD each in Uni and Hubble in each of Long and Short scenarios.
