---
navigation: false
title: Disclaimer
---


## DISCLAIMER
Last Modified: December 22, 2022

The Hubble Exchange Protocol is a decentralized perpetual futures protocol. There is currently one version of the Hubble Exchange Protocol (v1) which is made up of free, public, open-source or source-available software including a set of smart contracts that are deployed on the Avalanche Blockchain and which may be deployed on additional blockchains. Your use of the Hubble Exchange Protocol involves various risks, including, but not limited to, losses while digital assets are being supplied to the Hubble Exchange Protocol, smart contract vulnerabilities and losses due to the fluctuation of prices of tokens in a trading pair or liquidity pool or depegging of assets or potential liquidation cascades, disruptions of service, temporary or permanent disruptions in the utility of vHubble and Hubble tokens and general liquidation. You understand and accept the risks of using the Hubble Exchange Protocol and Interface. The Interface does not own or control any of the underlying software through which blockchain networks are formed, and therefore is not responsible for them and their operation. Before using the Hubble Exchange Protocol, you should review the relevant documentation to make sure you understand how the Hubble Exchange Protocol works, including it’s various intricacies, and understand, appreciate and accept the risk of utilizing such a protocol. Additionally, just as you can access email email protocols such as SMTP through multiple email clients, you can access the Hubble Exchange Protocol through dozens of web or mobile interfaces.  You are responsible for doing your own diligence on those interfaces to understand the fees and risks they present.

AS DESCRIBED IN THE HUBBLE EXCHANGE PROTOCOL TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT, THE HUBBLE EXCHANGE PROTOCOL IS PROVIDED "AS IS", AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.  Although the Hubblenauts developed much of the initial code for the Hubble Exchange Protocol, it does not provide, own, or control the Hubble Exchange Protocol, which is run by smart contracts deployed on the Avalanche blockchain and is facilitated and maintained by the Hubble DAO (the “Organisation”) on a continuing basis and as such is and will be decentralised to the fullest extent. Upgrades and modifications to the protocol are managed in a community-driven way initially by holders of the Hubble Space Cat NFTs and subsequently via the Hubble governance token. You agree that no developer, entity or Organisation involved in creating, facilitating or managing the Hubble Exchange Protocol will be liable for any claims or damages whatsoever associated with your use, inability to use, or your interaction with other users of, the Hubble Exchange Protocol, including any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, or loss of profits, cryptocurrencies, tokens, or anything else of value and you waive any rights to all claims in any and all jurisdictions arising out of any interaction with the Hubble Exchange Protocol or out of any interaction with the associated DAO or any associated party.

THE HUBBLE EXCHANGE DAO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY THIS DISCLAIMER AND WILL NOTIFY YOU BY REUPLOADING A CURRENT VERSION OF THIS DISCLAIMER AT THE SAME LINK AT:

 https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vS5rhX0HO86KVD45DB9npkamUv1yztW407FfN9fMKbQMMSWxLuKil-PQdcyUf_ToMk2u-abGJ2ZK40w/pub

ALL MODIFICATIONS WILL BE EFFECTIVE WHEN THEY ARE POSTED, AND YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE HUBBLE EXCHANGE INTERFACE WILL SERVE AS CONFIRMATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE MODIFICATIONS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT MODIFICATIONS TO THIS DISCLAIMER AS MAY BE MADE FROM TIME-TO-TIME, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY CEASE USING THE INTERFACE.