---
navigation: false
---

# Liquidation bot Bounty

[Hubble Exchange](https://hubble.exchange/)

::list{type="info"}
- **Status:** Active
- **Announced:** Apr 12
::
**Reward:**
::list{type="info"}
- 3 winners (1 claimed) get ($5000 + 3 HSC) each sponsored by the Hubble DAO
- Potentially, 6-7 figures if/when the liquidation bot works efficiently on the mainnet.
- Given out when bot performs at least 1 liquidation on mainnet or makes a reasonable attempt to do so. *[Hubble DAO Policy Team](https://snapshot.org/#/hubbleexchange.eth/proposal/Qmf1KWyUD167p3BWEAJY8NGWAgdXrfreS77w9Q5QzsYbBL) reserves the right to choose the winners.*
::

## Introduction

In Hubble’s Protocol design, the exchange depends on liquidation bots to liquidate over-leveraged accounts i.e. when their collateral falls below their maintenance margin. Because Hubble is a decentralized exchange, anyone can create and run a liquidation bot on Hubble.

A liquidation penalty is imposed on accounts being liquidated. For carrying out the liquidation, bots receive a % from this penalty as incentive.

There are 3 kinds of liquidations in Hubble:

1. **Maker Liquidations**

Liquidity providers in Hubble AMMs are called Makers. More details [here](https://medium.com/hubbleexchange/makers-in-hubble-vamm-c2dbae445ed9). When the Maker’s suffer a high impermanent loss, they may get liquidated. Liquidation here simple means that their liquidity is forcefully removed from the AMM. This has a fixed payout of $20 per maker liquidated.

2. **Taker Liquidations**

When an account reaches a state of leverage > 10x, they can be liquidated - i.e. their positions will be forcefully closed and they’ll be charged a liquidation penalty. Here, the liquidator will get 2.5% of the position size closed denominated in USD.

The above 2 liquidations don’t require any capital, flash loans, risk on part of the liquidator. There’s simply nothing to lose when you run a bot. Your bot just needs efficient monitoring of the trader’s position.

3. **Margin Account Liquidation**

There’s also a 3rd type of liquidation that is more similar to an AAVE/Compound like liquidation but is outside the scope of this bounty. However, if the bounty hunter also implements this one, there’s definitely a big extra credit!

Note that liquidation payouts are subject to change based on the recommendation of the [Hubble DAO Policy Team](https://snapshot.org/#/hubbleexchange.eth/proposal/Qmf1KWyUD167p3BWEAJY8NGWAgdXrfreS77w9Q5QzsYbBL)****.****

## Technical Details

[Contracts And ABIs](/technical-docs/contracts-and-abis)

- Get all traders (ClearingHouse.sol)

```solidity
// Retrieve all PositionModified events, store all traders in a db
event PositionModified(address indexed trader, uint indexed idx, int256 baseAsset, uint quoteAsset, int256 realizedPnl, uint256 timestamp);
```

- Get All Makers (AMM.sol)

```solidity
struct Maker {
    uint vUSD;
    uint vAsset;
    uint dToken;
    int pos; // position
    int posAccumulator; // value of global.posAccumulator until which pos has been updated
    int lastPremiumFraction;
    int lastPremiumPerDtoken;
    uint unbondTime;
    uint unbondAmount;
    uint ignition;
}

/**
* @dev This is only emitted when maker funding related events are updated.
* These fields are: ignition,dToken,lastPremiumFraction,pos,lastPremiumPerDtoken,posAccumulator
*/
event MakerPositionChanged(address indexed trader, Maker maker, uint timestamp);
// Filter out all accounts that have ignition == 0 && vUSD == 0
```

- Check if the account can be liquidated

```solidity
function isAboveMaintenanceMargin(address trader) override external view returns(bool); 
```

- Check whether the account is a maker

```solidity
function isMaker(address trader) override public view returns(bool);
```

- Perform Liquidations

```solidity
function liquidateMaker(address maker) public;

function liquidateTaker(address trader) public;

function liquidate(address trader) external {
	if (isMaker(trader)) {
	    liquidateMaker(trader);
	} else {
	    liquidateTaker(trader);
	}
}
```

## Notes

- If the account is both a maker and taker, they need to be first liquidated as a maker. That may/may not get them outside the liquidation zone.
- Note that checking `isAboveMaintenanceMargin` for all traders after every trade is a brute-force approach that *might* work, but the most efficient liquidation bot will actually have a much better strategy.

## How to Participate

Do you think you can build one? Head over to [Hubble discord](https://discord.gg/DR7U2G4DRm) and drop a message in the 🥷 [protocol channel](https://discord.com/channels/878772061814804562/885037548362166302).
